Additional research can be found [here](https://github.com/carsonwng/capstone/blob/main/RESEARCH.md) in the old repository. The old repository contains the base for what is found in this repo, but with more spaghetti-like methods. It also has a wiki scraper that effectively fetches ALL food-related data down to 9 child nodes. (Think of wiki nodes as pages & how they're linked).

General -> Common Crawl
https://commoncrawl.org/

Python -> Async -> asyncio
https://freedium.cfd/https://medium.com/geekculture/asynchronous-programming-made-easy-with-asyncio-in-python-2f35c88f4b5f

ML -> Sentence Processing -> Keyword Extraction -> BERT
https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/keyword-extraction-with-bert-724efca412ea

General -> TQDM Progress Bars
https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-track-the-progress-of-parallel-tasks-in-python-with-tqdm-6d93339f03fe

ML -> BERT -> Pre-training
https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/how-to-train-a-bert-model-from-scratch-72cfce554fc6

ML -> Text Classification
https://freedium.cfd/https://jayashree8.medium.com/text-classification-sentiment-analysis-using-hugging-transformers-481c17d98bdf

ML -> Wikipedia dumps
https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/pre-processing-a-wikipedia-dump-for-nlp-model-training-a-write-up-3b9176fdf67

ML -> BERT -> ELECTRA
https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/understanding-electra-and-training-an-electra-language-model-3d33e3a9660d

ML -> BERT -> BERT variants
https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/battle-of-the-transformers-electra-bert-roberta-or-xlnet-40607e97aba3

ML -> LLMs -> Llama 2
https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/topic-modeling-with-llama-2-85177d01e174

ML -> BERT -> Topic Modelling
https://freedium.cfd/https://towardsdatascience.com/topic-modeling-with-bert-779f7db187e6

Python -> Multiprocessing (io bounds)
https://freedium.cfd/https://medium.com/geekculture/python-multiprocessing-with-output-to-file-a6748a27ed41

Python -> Multiprocessing Pools
https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html#multiprocessing.Value

Python -> Multiprocessing Pools
https://superfastpython.com/multiprocessing-pool-python/#What_Is_a_Process_Pool

Python -> KeyboardInterrupt with children
https://noswap.com/blog/python-multiprocessing-keyboardinterrupt

Python -> Multithreading
https://medium.com/@georgexwee/concurrency-in-python-multi-threading-c3fab37737c

General -> Schemaorg
https://schema.org/docs/documents.html

General -> Schemaorg Scraping
https://practicaldatascience.co.uk/data-science/how-to-scrape-schemaorg-metadata-using-python

MongoDB -> Motor (async mongodb)
https://motor.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

MongoDB -> PyMongo (sync mongodb)
https://pymongo.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

General -> Bugfixes / Best Practices
https://stackoverflow.com/